# References

1. <a name="ref-1">Experiences in domain-specific modeling for interface specification and development</a><br> S. Livengood, “Experiences in domain-specific modeling for interface specification and development,” in Proceedings of the 2Nd International Master Class on Model-Driven Engineering: Modeling Wizards, ser. MW ’12. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2012, pp. 4:1–4:2.
2. <a name="ref-2"></a><br> J. Iber, A. Holler, T. Rauter, and C. Kreiner, “Patterns for designing configurability into domain-specific language elements,” in Proceedings of the 21st European Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs, ser. EuroPlop ’16. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2016, pp. 1:1–1:14.
3. <a name="ref-3"></a><br>A. Kahlaoui, A. Abran, and E. Lefebvre, “Dsml success factors and their assessment criteria,” Metrics News, vol. 13, no. 1, pp. 43–51, 2008.
4. <a name="ref-4"></a><br>M. Mernik, J. Heering, and A. M. Sloane, “When and how to develop domain-specific languages,” ACM Comput. Surv., vol. 37, no. 4, pp. 316–344, dec 2005.
5. <a name="ref-5"></a><br>D. S. Kolovos, R. F. Paige, T. Kelly, and F. A. Polack, “Requirements for domain-specific languages,” in Proc. of ECOOP Workshop on Domain-Specific Program Development (DSPD), vol. 2006, 2006.
6. <a name="ref-6"></a><br> D. Spinellis, “Notable design patterns for domain-specific languages,” J. Syst. Softw., vol. 56, no. 1, pp. 91–99, Feb. 2001.
7. <a name="ref-7"></a><br>G. Karsai, H. Krahn, C. Pinkernell, B. Rumpe, M. Schneider, and S. Volkel, “Design guidelines for domain specific languages,” in Proceedings of the 9th OOPSLA Workshop on Domain-Specific Modeling (DSM’09), M. Rossi, J. Sprinkle, J. Gray, and J.-P. Tolvanen, Eds., 2009, pp. 7–13.
8. <a name="ref-8"></a><br> M. Völter, “Best Practices for DSLs and Model-Driven Development,” Journal of Object Technology, vol. 8, no. 6, pp. 79–102, Sep. 2009.
9. <a name="ref-9"></a><br>D. Wile, “Lessons learned from real dsl experiments,” in System Sciences, 2003. Proceedings of the 36th Annual Hawaii International Conference on. IEEE, 2003, pp. 10–pp.
10. <a name="ref-10"></a><br>S. Kelly and R. Pohjonen, “Worst practices for domainspecific modeling,” IEEE software, vol. 26, no. 4, 2009.
11. <a name="ref-11"></a><br>M. Vierhauser, R. Rabiser, P. Grunbacher, and A. Egyed, “Developing a dsl-based approach for event-based monitoring of systems of systems: Experiences and lessons learned” in 30th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering, Lincoln, USA, 2015, pp. 715–725.
12. <a name="ref-12"></a><br>T. Parr, Language Implementation Patterns: Create Your Own Domain-Specific and General Programming Languages, 1st ed. Pragmatic Bookshelf, 2009.
13. <a name="ref-13"></a><br>S. Kelly and J.-P. Tolvanen, Domain-Specific Modeling: Enabling Full Code Generation. Wiley, 2008.
14. <a name="ref-14"></a><br>M. Voka´c and J. M. Glattetre, “Using a domain-specific language and custom tools to model a multi-tier serviceoriented application — experiences and challenges,” in Model Driven Engineering Languages and Systems, L. Briand and C. Williams, Eds. Berlin, Heidelberg: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2005, pp. 492–506.
15. <a name="ref-15"></a><br>M. Fowler, Domain Specific Languages, 1st ed. AddisonWesley Professional, 2010.
16. <a name="ref-16"></a><br>U. Frank, Domain-Specific Modeling Languages: Requirements Analysis and Design Guidelines. Berlin, Heidelberg: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2013, pp. 133–157.
17. <a name="ref-17"></a><br>M. Moser, M. Pfeiffer, and J. Pichler, “Domain-specific modeling in industrial automation: Challenges and experiences,” in Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop on Modern Software Engineering Methods for Industrial Automation, ser. MoSEMInA 2014. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2014, pp. 42–51.
18. <a name="ref-18"></a><br>P. Salehi, A. Hamou-Lhadj, M. Toeroe, and F. Khendek, “A uml-based domain specific modeling language for service availability management,” Comput. Stand. Interfaces, vol. 44, no. C, pp. 63–83, Feb. 2016.
19. <a name="ref-19"></a><br>D. Ratiu and M. Völter, “Automated testing of dsl implementations: Experiences from building mbeddr,” in Proceedings of the 11th International Workshop on Automation of Software Test, ser. AST ’16. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2016, pp. 15–21.